[Back to documentation home-page](https://github.com/HAPiWEC/HAPiGYM_docs/blob/main/README.md)

# Using the Sandbox

**Health Warning!** While the sandbox is being developed there will be frequent updates to the toolbox. This sandbox is called outline because it contains many placeholders that will be populated.

## Overall structure and approach
- **A Rasberry Pi Simulation:** the sandbox is a simulation of code running on a Rasberry Pi. When we are ready to share the code for the Pi, you'll be clicking `Run on board` on the hardware tab (rather than `Run` on the Simlation tab). The simulation demonstrates that your code is suitable for running on the hardware. This is important because many of the standard Simulink blocks are continous and won't run on a Pi. You'll need to replace these with their discrete equivalents. To see how this looks for a hydrodynamic model, click on `CPU1>OceanEd_linear`. You'll see the integrators and the state space model (for the radiation memory) are discrete versions. More information is available [online](https://uk.mathworks.com/help/control/ug/continuous-discrete-conversion-methods.html)       
- **Project usage** The project structure can be used as you wish. We have assumed that typically users will only create a new project if there are major changes in their code or in the toolbox structure. (Currently you need admin rights to delete some of the folders created by the hapigym build - we are working on this) It is assumed that users will make changes to their controllers or to the settings in the initialisation then compare the outcomes of various runs. 
- **Variant models:** We are using Simulink's variant subsystems to allow users to make subsystem choices. This has an advantage over a switch in that only the chosen variant is compiled. It also makes it easier for different variants to have differently sized inputs and outputs. Additionally, we are implementing the variants as external models rather than subsystems. These models are separate slx files which are stored in the subfolders within `Simulation_components`.  
- **Modularity:** This use of variant models results in a modular approach. It is hoped that this will make the frequent updates less painful for users. This is yet to be seen.

## Things you're encouraged to change

### waves

### variant models
- PTO SIMULATION SETTINGS
- CONTROLLER SETTINGS
  

### MyControl

### Outline.slx

## Things you're discouraged from changing
- Generate variant control expressions
- Code in the toolbox


## Things you'll be able to change in the future in the future 
- HYDRO MODEL SETTINGS
- PROJECT SETTINGS
- DIGITAL HARDWARE SETTINGS

 




[Previous page (Quick Start)](https://github.com/HAPiWEC/HAPiGYM_docs/blob/main/Pages/1-Quick-Start.md)

[Next page (Running your model)](https://github.com/HAPiWEC/HAPiGYM_docs/blob/main/Pages/3-Running-your-model.md)
